model/entities/CheckoutInformationData.java
 model.entities.CheckoutInformationData
userinterfaces/shoppingcart/ShoppingCartPage.java
 userinterfaces.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartPage
tasks/purchaseproduct/ConfirmTheTransaction.java
 tasks.purchaseproduct.ConfirmTheTransaction
tasks/purchaseproduct/FillTheCheckoutInformationForm.java
 tasks.purchaseproduct.FillTheCheckoutInformationForm
model/entities/login/AuthenticationData.java
 model.entities.login.AuthenticationData
userinterfaces/HomePage.java
 userinterfaces.HomePage
questions/transversal/AnErrorLabelAppears.java
 questions.transversal.AnErrorLabelAppears
userinterfaces/loginpage/LoginPage.java
 userinterfaces.loginpage.LoginPage
model/entities/ErrorMessagesEnum.java
 model.entities.ErrorMessagesEnum
interactions/NavigateThroughMenu.java
 interactions.NavigateThroughMenu
model/entities/HeaderMenuEnum.java
 model.entities.HeaderMenuEnum
userinterfaces/shoppingcart/SuccessfulPurchasePage.java
 userinterfaces.shoppingcart.SuccessfulPurchasePage
userinterfaces/StoreHomeHeader.java
 userinterfaces.StoreHomeHeader
questions/purchaseproduct/ItWasRedirectedToTheSuccessfulPaymentScreen.java
 questions.purchaseproduct.ItWasRedirectedToTheSuccessfulPaymentScreen
questions/logintothaccount/ItWasRedirectedToTheShoppingScreen.java
 questions.logintothaccount.ItWasRedirectedToTheShoppingScreen
tasks/generalnavigation/NavigatesThroughTheHeaderMenu.java
 tasks.generalnavigation.NavigatesThroughTheHeaderMenu
userinterfaces/shoppingcart/ConfirmPurchasePage.java
 userinterfaces.shoppingcart.ConfirmPurchasePage
tasks/purchaseproduct/AddToTheShoppingCartTheItems.java
 tasks.purchaseproduct.AddToTheShoppingCartTheItems
interactions/TapTheButton.java
 interactions.TapTheButton
exceptions/TheElementNotVisibleError.java
 exceptions.TheElementNotVisibleError
questions/transversal/ElementsAppearOnScreen.java
 questions.transversal.ElementsAppearOnScreen
userinterfaces/shoppingcart/CheckoutInformationPage.java
 userinterfaces.shoppingcart.CheckoutInformationPage
tasks/logintotheaccount/FillTheLoginForm.java
 tasks.logintotheaccount.FillTheLoginForm
userinterfaces/homepage/StoreHomePage.java
 userinterfaces.homepage.StoreHomePage
